Isis me sherry and it's Friday so I
thought I'd pop on here and do a quick
open of the day I know I'm this last
week but as you know I've been
redecorating or renovating my house and
I kind of want to pop on here too and
tell you this little thing that my best
friend told me about and if you have a
chandelier and you wish it had some
bullying on it you can actually get
these are called light trims i got it at
poly lobby my dear friend told me about
these and so i picked a couple of and
they're just cute little chandelier
bling and they just stick on by a
magnetic little magnet at the end of it
and they make for a really cute little
dressy to dress up your light or
whatever and you can also put them on
anything make that it will stick to like
even candle holders and that that you
want to kind of dress up so just thought
i'd share that with you i thought it was
a great little idea i'm not sure how
long these have been around but i just
found out about it oh just so my chair
that anyway i'll get on with my outfit
on today I'm my lips today i'm wearing
snob with myth over top and then just
that tart palette i have on my eyes and
that's it for makeup and then my coat
today is by hmmm and it's kind of like a
long coat vest not my favorite purchase
probably just because it picks up every
piece of lint and it's a little stiff so
but i thought it was kind of a different
look and it's a beautiful day out and I
didn't really want to put like a heavy
coat on but I felt like something long
just to cover me up a little and then
underneath that I'm just wearing a free
people blouse which I'll show you later
and then my express jeans I think
they're called leggings on them online
and they have a slit side slit in them
and my Kirk Kirk where they call kurt i
can't remember the name of them shoes i
think there's Samantha court kurt geiger
that's it samantha court shoes and then
my Chanel GST tote and that is it so um
I'll just take off my jag actually just
show you the whole outfit like this and
actually i'll post pictures because I'm
little cold I don't feel like taking
this off I'll take pictures of this with
them up the jacket on so you can see my
top anyway I hope you guys all have a
fabulous weekend
and I will see you in my next video bye
for now